[SYCL][Docs] Clarify that weak_object is only available on host (#8713)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/supported/sycl_ext_oneapi_weak_object.asciidoc

|===

> The `weak_object` class, the `ext_oneapi_owner_before` methods and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `weak_object` class, the `ext_oneapi_owner_before` member functions and the
```
